Create 2020-09-18-solidity-0.7.2-release-announcement.md (#94)
ethereum/solidity-blog: _posts/2020-09-28-solidity-0.7.2-release-announcement.md

---
layout: post
published: true
title: 'Solidity 0.7.2 Release Announcement'
date: '2020-09-28'
author: Solidity Team
category: Releases
---

[Solidity v0.7.2](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/tag/v0.7.2) .

 - SMT Checker support expanded.
 - bug fix below

## Important Bugfixes

### Free Function Overloading Checks

Free functions were introduced in the previous release 0.7.1. It turned out that it was possible
to define a function with the same name multiple times, even with the same parameter types.
Allowing two functions with the same name, but different parameter types is called "overloading"
and is useful when essentially the same functionality is implemented for different types.
What should not be possible is allowing two functions with the same name and parameter types.

> In these cases, the compiler would silently generated code that called the first such definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, the compiler would silently generate code that called the first definition.
```
